# PipelineStage

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Label** | **string** | A label used to organize pipeline stages in HubSpot&#39;s UI. Each pipeline stage&#39;s label must be unique within that pipeline. | 
**DisplayOrder** | **int32** | The order for displaying this pipeline stage. If two pipeline stages have a matching &#x60;displayOrder&#x60;, they will be sorted alphabetically by label. | 
**Metadata** | **map[string]string** | A JSON object containing properties that are not present on all object pipelines.  For &#x60;deals&#x60; pipelines, the &#x60;probability&#x60; field is required (&#x60;{ \&quot;probability\&quot;: 0.5 }&#x60;), and represents the likelihood a deal will close. Possible values are between 0.0 and 1.0 in increments of 0.1.  For &#x60;tickets&#x60; pipelines, the &#x60;ticketState&#x60; field is optional (&#x60;{ \&quot;ticketState\&quot;: \&quot;OPEN\&quot; }&#x60;), and represents whether the ticket remains open or has been closed by a member of your Support team. Possible values are &#x60;OPEN&#x60; or &#x60;CLOSED&#x60;. | 
**Id** | **string** | A unique identifier generated by HubSpot that can be used to retrieve and update the pipeline stage. | 
**CreatedAt** | **time.Time** | The date the pipeline stage was created. The stages on default pipelines will have createdAt &#x3D; 0. | 
**ArchivedAt** | Pointer to **time.Time** | The date the pipeline was archived. &#x60;archivedAt&#x60; will only be present if the pipeline is archived. | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | **time.Time** | The date the pipeline stage was last updated. | 
**Archived** | **bool** | Whether the pipeline is archived. | 

## Methods

### NewPipelineStage

`func NewPipelineStage(label string, displayOrder int32, metadata map[string]string, id string, createdAt time.Time, updatedAt time.Time, archived bool, ) *PipelineStage`

NewPipelineStage instantiates a new PipelineStage object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPipelineStageWithDefaults

`func NewPipelineStageWithDefaults() *PipelineStage`

NewPipelineStageWithDefaults instantiates a new PipelineStage object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetLabel

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetLabel() string`

GetLabel returns the Label field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLabelOk

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetLabelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLabelOk returns a tuple with the Label field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLabel

`func (o *PipelineStage) SetLabel(v string)`

SetLabel sets Label field to given value.


### GetDisplayOrder

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetDisplayOrder() int32`

GetDisplayOrder returns the DisplayOrder field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDisplayOrderOk

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetDisplayOrderOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDisplayOrderOk returns a tuple with the DisplayOrder field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDisplayOrder

`func (o *PipelineStage) SetDisplayOrder(v int32)`

SetDisplayOrder sets DisplayOrder field to given value.


### GetMetadata

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetMetadata() map[string]string`

GetMetadata returns the Metadata field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMetadataOk

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetMetadataOk() (*map[string]string, bool)`

GetMetadataOk returns a tuple with the Metadata field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMetadata

`func (o *PipelineStage) SetMetadata(v map[string]string)`

SetMetadata sets Metadata field to given value.


### GetId

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *PipelineStage) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetCreatedAt() time.Time`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetCreatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *PipelineStage) SetCreatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.


### GetArchivedAt

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetArchivedAt() time.Time`

GetArchivedAt returns the ArchivedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetArchivedAtOk

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetArchivedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetArchivedAtOk returns a tuple with the ArchivedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetArchivedAt

`func (o *PipelineStage) SetArchivedAt(v time.Time)`

SetArchivedAt sets ArchivedAt field to given value.

### HasArchivedAt

`func (o *PipelineStage) HasArchivedAt() bool`

HasArchivedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetUpdatedAt() time.Time`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *PipelineStage) SetUpdatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.


### GetArchived

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetArchived() bool`

GetArchived returns the Archived field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetArchivedOk

`func (o *PipelineStage) GetArchivedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetArchivedOk returns a tuple with the Archived field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetArchived

`func (o *PipelineStage) SetArchived(v bool)`

SetArchived sets Archived field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


