# Go API client for calling

Provides a way for apps to add custom calling options to a contact record. This works in conjunction with the [Calling SDK](#), which is used to build your phone/calling UI. The endpoints here allow your service to appear as an option to HubSpot users when they access the *Call* action on a contact record. Once accessed, your custom phone/calling UI will be displayed in an iframe at the specified URL with the specified dimensions on that record.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v3
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import calling "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), calling.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), calling.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), calling.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), calling.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.hubapi.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SettingsApi* | [**Archive**](docs/SettingsApi.md#archive) | **Delete** /crm/v3/extensions/calling/{appId}/settings | Delete calling settings
*SettingsApi* | [**Create**](docs/SettingsApi.md#create) | **Post** /crm/v3/extensions/calling/{appId}/settings | Configure a calling extension
*SettingsApi* | [**GetByID**](docs/SettingsApi.md#getbyid) | **Get** /crm/v3/extensions/calling/{appId}/settings | Get calling settings
*SettingsApi* | [**Update**](docs/SettingsApi.md#update) | **Patch** /crm/v3/extensions/calling/{appId}/settings | Update settings


## Documentation For Models

 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [ErrorDetail](docs/ErrorDetail.md)
 - [SettingsPatchRequest](docs/SettingsPatchRequest.md)
 - [SettingsRequest](docs/SettingsRequest.md)
 - [SettingsResponse](docs/SettingsResponse.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



### developer_hapikey

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: hapikey
- **Location**: URL query string

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: hapikey and passed in as the auth context for each request.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



