# Go API client for domains

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v3
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import domains "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), domains.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), domains.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), domains.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), domains.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.hubapi.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DomainsApi* | [**GetByID**](docs/DomainsApi.md#getbyid) | **Get** /cms/v3/domains/{domainId} | Get a single domain
*DomainsApi* | [**GetPage**](docs/DomainsApi.md#getpage) | **Get** /cms/v3/domains/ | Get current domains


## Documentation For Models

 - [CollectionResponseWithTotalDomainForwardPaging](docs/CollectionResponseWithTotalDomainForwardPaging.md)
 - [Domain](docs/Domain.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [ErrorDetail](docs/ErrorDetail.md)
 - [ForwardPaging](docs/ForwardPaging.md)
 - [NextPage](docs/NextPage.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



### oauth2


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: https://app.hubspot.com/oauth/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
 - **cms.domains.write**: Create or update domains.
 - **cms.domains.read**: Read domains.

Example

```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextAccessToken, "ACCESSTOKENSTRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

Or via OAuth2 module to automatically refresh tokens and perform user authentication.

```golang
import "golang.org/x/oauth2"

/* Perform OAuth2 round trip request and obtain a token */

tokenSource := oauth2cfg.TokenSource(createContext(httpClient), &token)
auth := context.WithValue(oauth2.NoContext, sw.ContextOAuth2, tokenSource)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


### oauth2_legacy


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: https://app.hubspot.com/oauth/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
 - **cms.knowledge_base.settings.write**: Update knowledge base settings
 - **content**: Read from and write to my Content

Example

```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextAccessToken, "ACCESSTOKENSTRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

Or via OAuth2 module to automatically refresh tokens and perform user authentication.

```golang
import "golang.org/x/oauth2"

/* Perform OAuth2 round trip request and obtain a token */

tokenSource := oauth2cfg.TokenSource(createContext(httpClient), &token)
auth := context.WithValue(oauth2.NoContext, sw.ContextOAuth2, tokenSource)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


### private_apps

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: private-app
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: private-app and passed in as the auth context for each request.


### private_apps_legacy

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: private-app-legacy
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: private-app-legacy and passed in as the auth context for each request.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



