# Pipeline

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Label** | **string** | A unique label used to organize pipelines in HubSpot&#39;s UI | 
**DisplayOrder** | **int32** | The order for displaying this pipeline. If two pipelines have a matching &#x60;displayOrder&#x60;, they will be sorted alphabetically by label. | 
**Id** | **string** | A unique identifier generated by HubSpot that can be used to retrieve and update the pipeline. | 
**Stages** | [**[]PipelineStage**](PipelineStage.md) | The stages associated with the pipeline. They can be retrieved and updated via the pipeline stages endpoints. | 
**CreatedAt** | **time.Time** | The date the pipeline was created. The default pipelines will have createdAt &#x3D; 0. | 
**ArchivedAt** | Pointer to **time.Time** | The date the pipeline was archived. &#x60;archivedAt&#x60; will only be present if the pipeline is archived. | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | **time.Time** | The date the pipeline was last updated. | 
**Archived** | **bool** | Whether the pipeline is archived. | 

## Methods

### NewPipeline

`func NewPipeline(label string, displayOrder int32, id string, stages []PipelineStage, createdAt time.Time, updatedAt time.Time, archived bool, ) *Pipeline`

NewPipeline instantiates a new Pipeline object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPipelineWithDefaults

`func NewPipelineWithDefaults() *Pipeline`

NewPipelineWithDefaults instantiates a new Pipeline object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetLabel

`func (o *Pipeline) GetLabel() string`

GetLabel returns the Label field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLabelOk

`func (o *Pipeline) GetLabelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLabelOk returns a tuple with the Label field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLabel

`func (o *Pipeline) SetLabel(v string)`

SetLabel sets Label field to given value.


### GetDisplayOrder

`func (o *Pipeline) GetDisplayOrder() int32`

GetDisplayOrder returns the DisplayOrder field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDisplayOrderOk

`func (o *Pipeline) GetDisplayOrderOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDisplayOrderOk returns a tuple with the DisplayOrder field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDisplayOrder

`func (o *Pipeline) SetDisplayOrder(v int32)`

SetDisplayOrder sets DisplayOrder field to given value.


### GetId

`func (o *Pipeline) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *Pipeline) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *Pipeline) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetStages

`func (o *Pipeline) GetStages() []PipelineStage`

GetStages returns the Stages field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStagesOk

`func (o *Pipeline) GetStagesOk() (*[]PipelineStage, bool)`

GetStagesOk returns a tuple with the Stages field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStages

`func (o *Pipeline) SetStages(v []PipelineStage)`

SetStages sets Stages field to given value.


### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *Pipeline) GetCreatedAt() time.Time`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *Pipeline) GetCreatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *Pipeline) SetCreatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.


### GetArchivedAt

`func (o *Pipeline) GetArchivedAt() time.Time`

GetArchivedAt returns the ArchivedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetArchivedAtOk

`func (o *Pipeline) GetArchivedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetArchivedAtOk returns a tuple with the ArchivedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetArchivedAt

`func (o *Pipeline) SetArchivedAt(v time.Time)`

SetArchivedAt sets ArchivedAt field to given value.

### HasArchivedAt

`func (o *Pipeline) HasArchivedAt() bool`

HasArchivedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *Pipeline) GetUpdatedAt() time.Time`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *Pipeline) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *Pipeline) SetUpdatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.


### GetArchived

`func (o *Pipeline) GetArchived() bool`

GetArchived returns the Archived field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetArchivedOk

`func (o *Pipeline) GetArchivedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetArchivedOk returns a tuple with the Archived field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetArchived

`func (o *Pipeline) SetArchived(v bool)`

SetArchived sets Archived field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


